[CWS] add public documentation about FIM triggers (#39411)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/cloud-workload-security/linux_expressions.md

| `unload_module` | Kernel | A kernel module was deleted | 7.35 |
| `utimes` | File | Change file access/modification times | 7.27 |

## FIM triggers

> In addition to regular triggers, `fim.write.file.*` fields allow to write rules that will fire

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to regular triggers, `fim.write.file.*` fields allow to write rules that fire
```

Author: I applied all your suggestions to the template, thanks !

{{< code-block lang="javascript" >}}
open: ((open.file.path == "/tmp/test" || open.file.name == "abc")
  && open.flags & (O_CREAT|O_TRUNC|O_APPEND|O_RDWR|O_WRONLY) > 0
  && process.file.name == "def"
  && container.id != "")

chmod: (chmod.file.path == "/tmp/test" || chmod.file.name == "abc")
  && process.file.name == "def"
  && container.id != ""

chown: (chown.file.path == "/tmp/test" || chown.file.name == "abc")
  && process.file.name == "def"
  && container.id != ""

link: (link.file.path == "/tmp/test" || link.file.name == "abc")
  && process.file.name == "def"
  && container.id != ""

rename: (rename.file.path == "/tmp/test" || rename.file.name == "abc")
  && process.file.name == "def"
  && container.id != ""

rename: (rename.file.destination.path == "/tmp/test" || rename.file.destination.name == "abc")
  && process.file.name == "def"
  && container.id != ""

unlink: (unlink.file.path == "/tmp/test" || unlink.file.name == "abc")
  && process.file.name == "def"
  && container.id != ""

utimes: (utimes.file.path == "/tmp/test" || utimes.file.name == "abc")
  && process.file.name == "def"
  && container.id != ""
{{< /code-block >}}

> and match on all file related events matching the path provided in the rule. Common fields are kept in all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and match on all file-related events matching the path provided in the rule. Common fields are retained across all
```
